chore: use solo node instead of local node (#5060) (#5234)
hiero-ledger/hiero-json-rpc-relay: tools/subgraph-example/README.md

_NOTE: At this time the whole test workflow can't be proficiently automated, so you'll need to perform some manual steps:_

> 1. Be sure to start a clean local node using Hiero Solo. If a previous local node is running, stop it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Be sure to start a clean Solo instance. If a previous Solo instance is running, stop it.
```

>    1. Run `npx @hashgraph/solo falcon destroy` to ensure any previous local network is torn down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Run `npx @hashgraph/solo falcon destroy` to ensure any previous solo network is torn down.
```

>    2. Run `npx @hashgraph/solo one-shot falcon deploy --dev --deploy-relay=false` to start a clean single-node local network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Run `npx @hashgraph/solo one-shot falcon deploy --dev --deploy-relay=false` to start a clean single-node instance of solo.
```
